here it's the new generation I 10 from
high end I haven't just been launched
January 31st it's already won what
caused her best city car for 2014 the
new generation i-10 still has 5 years
warranty it's 5 years without assistance
and 5 years health checks I'm still have
5 seats for 5 dollars
the new generation is sleeker it's more
sophisticated and more simple so now I
have brought in a range of different
specs and different engine performances
to do a 1 liter which gets a fantastic
60 miles per gallon combined and they
also do a 1.2 which guess 57 miles
combined the four different specs they
do is an S which is the entry level the
S air which is the same but has air
conditioner but the SE which this model
right here then there's also the premium
there's optional extras can get on the
vehicle can get upgraded alloy wheels
parking sensors on the rear and also on
the premium spec you get LED button
lights on the front and it's all gas
side Mullins on the side there this
particular model here that Saturn is the
high-end III 10 SE SE is the mid-range
specification so on here we have full
electrics electric wing mirrors we have
air conditioning USB and auxiliary
inputs so you're always connected
whether it's your iphone or ipad you can
charge them and play music via your car
it comes with the option of four
different color interiors we've got the
blue which we can see here they also do
a cream an orange and also a red the red
comes with half a leather upholstery but
that is only available in the premium
model it also comes with the option to
upgrade your Bluetooth and cruise
control which would be seen just on the
ceiling wheel here with the launch of
the new 1 liter engine not only is it
more efficient on fuel and lower tax
band but it's also brought the Insurance
Group down to a-1 which is gonna be
perfect for our first car the car comes
with six air box it comes with abs and
tire monitoring system a standard
as you can see fantastic booth space
here 252 meters capacity with a seats
cup put them down you can achieve up to
1046 so whether you're a Shopaholic or
you're going away for the weekend this
be perfect for you as previous mentioned
its won awards for the what car magazine
best city car but also over awards for
most mountain leg space and boot space
for car in its class the new item now
comes in a range of different specs a
range little options and multiple color
combinations their thoughts will be very
appealing with this new vibrant colors
and vibrant interiors if you're looking
for a big car with lots of space but in
a compact package this is the car for
you